new story series of mini the boom but
this is a switch game every time we all
the word Swiss we're going to switch up
some details and activities so on and so
forth so without further ado we need to
poo 45 I can't find my friend Winnie the
Pooh o dear o mine mr. Robin you look
different today Josh you look wonderful
today George you must be from San
Francisco as I just took the last flight
over I did 34 food for the last year's
which I've been searching for food for a
half of my life George I can't find food
I didn't either we gotta go find that he
might be lost somebody might have taken
him but no North Star oh god he is
straight through the woods or poo
usually hangs out search I don't let us
straight to the laugh factory with who
usually access which letter let us
straight to the pool or poo hangs up
tell the sewers are let's get there okay
productivity will let moon walk there
look we're here oh dear I see something
hiding behind that Trish I see something
up in that tree sometimes I see deaf
kids
no we're gonna need protection if we're
going out scared place which I hope
we're gonna make a second we're going
out an unknown places shush I don't have
anything okay look I got stuff avoid
prepares i can buy something at duane
reade profession from seward they take a
look
protective wall yes every time bad thing
comes we just bounce it off the street
every time something happens i give this
to you look I gotta go if you buy two
you can keep the Treasury I have enough
of my own listen here's what I'm telling
you gotta make you rich man touching me
switch your wonderful